So as we break into the exercise, right?
This is a good opportunity for
you to answer this question for yourself.
And we have a series of just kind of
making observable some all sorts of
different things.
You got to see me do it the simple version
now I give you the hard version cuz
that's fair.
And you kind of go through some of the
basic versions, and kinda, yeah, exactly.
Answer that question for yourself,
and find out how exactly we would go
about testing a synchronous value versus
a synchronous value, so on and so forth.
Cool.
So, if you, I'm gonna give you
a little bit time to download NPM and
install all that fun stuff.
There are instructions
on the site as well.
If you just wanna run the tests for
creating observables which is where
we're gonna be doing this next exercise,
you just run NPM test creating
only run those tests.
You do need to un- skip them, and
then we will kind of go
through them each together.